Welcome to the course
on Spring Boot Unit Testing.
Let's meet our course development team.
First, we have Eric Roby.
He has a website called Coding with Roby.
You can visit his website at ericjroby.com.
Eric has created a number of popular Python courses.
We've known each other for the past couple of years
and decided to collaborate
on this Spring Boot Unit Testing course.
And that's me, Chad Darby.
I've created a number of popular Java courses.
I love creating courses and I luv2code.
Spring Boot supports developing unit tests
and integration tests by making use of JUnit and Mockito.
By developing tests, we can create applications
with better code design,
fewer bugs and also higher reliability.
In this course, we're going to show you how to take advantage
of Spring Boot's testing support.
Now, let's take a look at our course roadmap.
So we'll start off with just a quick review of JUnit
and then we'll move into the Spring Boot section
of mocks with Mockito.
Next, we'll cover Spring Boot testing, Spring MVC,
web apps and then finally with Spring Boot,
we'll cover testing Spring REST APIs.
Now, in terms of prerequisites,
you should have prior experience with Java,
Spring Boot and also Maven.
So I assume that you already know these technologies.
If you've taken some of my previous courses
like the Spring and Hibernate for Beginners,
then that'll give you enough information
for this particular course.
If you have not taken
the Spring and Hibernate for Beginners course,
you'll need to learn these technologies first.
You can go online and search for a number of free tutorials,
but you need to know this information
before you can proceed with this course.
Regarding development environment,
you should have these development tools installed,
IntelliJ or Eclipse or your favorite IDE.
Now, in this course, we'll make use of IntelliJ,
the free version, but everything will work
with other IDEs, such as eclipse, NetBeans and so on.
All you need is basic Maven support for your IDE,
so feel free to use any development tool that you want to.
All you need is Maven support and you're good to go.
And later on in the course,
we'll make use of a database.
We'll make use of the MySQL database,
so make sure you have that installed
along with the MySQL Workbench.
In terms of source code and PDFs,
all source code is available for download
and also all the PDFs of the slides
are also available for download.
In the next lecture, I'll give you the links
to actually download those resources.
And also, if you have any questions
or need help as you go through the course,
simply post your question in the classroom discussion forum
and we'll get back to you shortly.
Okay, that's it for now.
I'll see you in the next video.